# General Information

(( Information you might want to include is ))

Project Name: Ticket Win! | www.tcktwn.com

Contact: support@tcktwn.com

Developers: Thomas Weld, Kyle Cline, Garett Arrowood, Sylvester Willis, Nerver Corameiro

Ticket Win is a ticket sales platform with contests baked into the ticket buying process.

(( An outline of the technologies in the project. e.g.: Framework (Rails/iOS/Android/Gameboy Colour), programming language, database, ORM. )) Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL

Customer Front End: github.com/twotimes22/ticketwin-front-end

Admin Front End: github.com/twotimes22/ticketwin-admin

(( Links to online tools related to the application (e.g.: Links to the Basecamp project, a link to the dropbox where all the wireframes are stored, a link to the Pivotal Tracker project) ))

# Getting Started - Version and Installation Info

**To get the app up and running:**

Ensure that Ruby 2.2.0 and RubyGems are installed using whichever method you prefer.(RVM is cool.)

Install PostgreSQL and follow the stpes below to setup the database.

Log in as the Postgres user using `sudo su - postgres` and start Postgres using `psql`.

Create the TicketWin dev user using `CREATE USER “ticketwindev” WITH PASSWORD 'ticketwin33'`.

Create the TicketWin database using `CREATE DATABASE “ticketwin-core2_development”`.

Grant all privelges to the development user using `GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE “ticketwin-core2_development” to ticketwindev`.

Run `bin/rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=development` and you're off to the races!

Install Bundler using `gem install bundler`.

Run `bundle install` within the ticketwin-core directory to install all gem dependencies.

After that, ensure that Postgres is running and start the application using “`rails server“`.

(( The “Getting Started” section outlines the process of getting the app installed and usable for a developer. I define ‘usable’ in this context as able to login to the application and access all of the functionality available. ))

Information you might want to include is: A detailed spin-up process. This should include: Instructions on installing any software the application is dependent on: e.g.: wkhtmltopdf, PostgreSQL, XQuartz.

Instructions on running the app. For rails apps you’ll want to include the rake db:create db:migrate db:seed process here, as well as instructions on starting a server (e.g. are we using pow, or just the default `rails s`)

A list of credentials that can be used to log in with each user type in the system and ideally the URL that a developer can log in from.

Any information about subdomains in the app (e.g.: api.myapp.dev/)

When writing instructions pretend you’re writing them for someone who knows next to nothing about developing in the framework/language your application uses.

# Testing

All you need to include in the “Testing” section is the commands to run any of the test suites you have (e.g.: RSpec, Jasmine, Cucumber, Spinach) and any setup you need to do before-hand (e.g.: rake db:test:prepare). This section will be small but vital.

# Staging and Production environments

The staging and production environment sections (one section per environment) should provide any information a developer might need to know about these environments.

Information you might want to include is:

Which server is the application on? Is it on Amazon Sydney? A server in the office? A data-centre down the road?

How can a developer connect to the server? Do they need particular permissions? Who do they need to talk to to get those permissions?

Where on the server is the application located

What is the deploy process for this server

Are there any other services on the box related to the app a developer will need to know about? Any cron jobs? Some Resque workers?